# Minutes of the Meeting

### Date: 24th August 2022

### Time : 8:30 PM

### Topic: Progress meet on paper on git

## Attendees: Prof. Venkataesh Choppela, VJS Pranavasri, Pranav Vats

### Tasks

- To have atleast two iterations of paper before 31st August.
- To share a copy of paper with sir, before 1st September.

### Decisions

- The state space we came up with is good if we want to build a large model that mimcs git, but the motivation here is to make it easier to understand and follow gfit without actually having to deal with the complexities of git.
- Accordingly we incrementally build machines and keep building our state space model, which need not necessarily cover the entire state space, as they would be abstractions.
- Building small examples of git commands as models and machines.
- I(VJS Pranavasri) will be leading the paper, and take the responsibility to get the paper with everyone's approval ready before submission.

### Information

- Deadline is september otherwise, ISEC: 15 September 2022 - http://isoft.acm.org/isec2023/cfp
- Have defined the types for a basic set of states needed for modelling
- We are defining our model as an approximation of what git does. The models and their structures do not necessarily need to follow got as it is. they just need to approximate the functioning, and accordingly our states and actions need to be defined and modelled.
- The paper currently is located at: https://gitlab.com/vjspranav/2023-isec-git-submission
- This paper could lead to my(VJS Pranavasri) thesis.
