# Minutes of the Meeting 

### Date: 15th March 2022
### Time : 4:00 p.m.
### Topic: Research Conferences

## Attendees: Prof. Venkataesh Choppela, Shlok Pandey, VJS Pranavasri

### Tasks
* Design Patterns of Umesh sir, and create problems based on the patterns.
* Read: https://web.stanford.edu/~ouster/cgi-bin/papers/OngaroPhD.pdf and understand the problems. 
* Show the research in the area of interest (Programming Languages, Systems)
* List and classify the papers on all the areas mentioned below, and look at an area of interest and discuss in the next meeting. 
* F* language, and papers on it.
* Latest innovation in compilers.  

### Decisions
* Next meeting, make a list of the activity I have done (List of conferences)
  * In the area of Systems, Distributed Systems, Operating Systems.
  * In the area of Ed-Tech 
  * Patterns 
* List of all the names of journals and conferences of the areas I am interested in.
  * Programming Languages
  * Educational Technology
  * S/w Engineering
* Get to an idea by 15th May at most.
* Meetings with Umesh sir on systems going forward. 

### Conferences
|AREA|CONF|JOURNAL|
|----|----|-------|
|PL	 |PLDI, POPL, ICFP, OOPLA|	TOPLAS, TOSEM|
|SE	|ICSE, ISEC, FSE, CHI |	IEEE Xactions, ACM |
|EdTech |	ACM, SIGCSE TS, ACM ITICSE, ACM ICER, COMPUTE, IEEE T4E, IEEE ICALT |	ACM TOC (transactions of CS Education), IEEE transactions on Education, Elsenier |

### Information
* Discussed the further work
* Problem sir is working with: Design and verification of concurrent programs, should be found on software engineering: ICSE, PLDI, OOPSLA
* Building simulation and creating quiz, the most difficult in Virtual Labs, How can we automate them. 
* Understanding the complete Virtual Labs System, by the end of 2 Years. 
